If you stood in a busy place in big cosmopolitan city, like Times Square in New York City or Piccadilly Circus in London, and watched people go by, you would soon realize how the people of the modern world intermixed are.*Anthropologists speak of three major races of man.  *These races are identified as there distinct group of people. *Each group has certain physical characteristics that are inherited. *These three groups belong to one human family, and all may have been the same originally. *However, as they moved to different parts of the earth, they developed different features adapted to the conditions of climate and food in the places where they lived for a long period of time.*In more modern times, these groups of people have been intermixing. *Some groups have been conquered; other groups have intermarried. *Nevertheless, if you watched the passers-by in Times Square carefully, you would probably recognize several major types of people. *A man with yellowish skin, straight black hair, high cheekbones, and almond-shaped eyes probably belongs to the people of eastern Asia called the mongoloid race.*American Indians, who live in America and have reddish-yellowish skin, also belong to this group. *If a man is from Africa south of the Sahara desert, he is likely to have a long head with black or dark brown skin, a broad, flat nose; thick, protruding lips; and tightly curled hair. *He belongs to the negroid race. *Other men like him can be found in the south pacific islands. *a third group of men had their original home on the content of Europe. *This group is known as the Caucasoid race, because the earliest skull of this type of human being was found in the Caucasus Mountains region in southeastern Europe. *The Caucasians are called the white race because their skin color is generally lighter than the yellow, brown, or black skin tones of the other races. *People of the white race have a variety of head shapes. *And their hair varies from silky straight to curly. *People of the race living near the Mediterranean Sea are usually darker-haired and darker-eyes than people in areas farther north. *Nowadays people of the Caucasoid people live ia all parts of the world. *Some scientists speak of a fourth group, the Australia, who are dark-skinned aborigines living on the content of Australia. *There are also some people, like the ainu of Japan, who do not seem to belong to any one of the major races. *If you wanted to make a map showing the races of mankind, it could not have only three or four colors for the main racial group; it would have to show many tints and shades. *As men mingle more and more in the modern world of easy travel, the races become more intermixed. *It is sometimes difficult to label a man as belonging to one race or another.*Is it even desirable to emphasize the differences between races? *Mans great problem is to learn how to live peacefully with people different from himself. *As members of one family, men must "live like brothers or die like beasts." 